Words go ahead to a main see a sense here and let's go all the way from the bottom where we have the
end of number section and then once we have the end of numbers our hero going to say that this is going
to be project here and right away let's copy and paste this.
I'm going to say and of project once we have created these comments all your comments actually create
this action.
So I'm just going to create a little bit more space and on here I'm going to say first project.
So we're going to be targeting the whole section here and we're going to say first as always we're going
to have padding top bottom three RPMs in order here zero.
So top bottom is going to be three left and right.
It's going to be zero and we're also going to do a background and we're going to use Vire for this.
And this is going to be the light color.
So we're going to use a light background and once we have set the background for the whole section then
we would want to center everything and for that we have the device.
So we're going to say projects here.
And to underscore center.
So this is going to be used for horizontal Center.
We don't want to say max width so he cannot exceed certain.
And this is going to be 90.
You know we're here we're going to have a margin to R.E.M. So that's going to be touch bottom and all
you're going to say are really this.
So we say this here and you can see right now that I have my margin in between us.
Now once we have our project center done now let's actually work with a single project.
So we're we're going to have a class of project going on here we're going to have a project to underscores
and know this is going to be single project.
So this is going to be the single article that's holding the actual photo and the Fantasma might go
up and on here we're going to start like this.
Going to say first that there is going to be margin on the top or here one on Reems and all your insides.
You know what Actually let's do our dreams.
Let's make it a little bit bigger.
So what I'm doing right now I'm just making creating some space in between them.
The actual screen size is more.
And also what I want is I would want a position and this would be a position relative because again
what we're going to do here with this overlay we're going to use this before we're here and we're going
to set it as an absolute.
So if we want to do this we need to set this guy or here the actual container as a relative.
So this is why we're doing it now once we're done with an actual container.
Now let's do a project here.
Single project and going to target.
Or we would want for the image of first we would want a display and we're going to say block then we
would want a with more here of hundred.
So this is going to make sure that our image always fit all here nicely.
And also would want a border radius it's really going to say border and radius and we're going to create
these Borrego just so we have some rounded just over here.
So once I say it you see now the House rounded edges and once we're done with an image let's actually
create a overlay.
So like I said for this we're going to be using before.
So we're all going to write projects here.
Single project and what we're going to have is a common one and we'll get right on here before.
So basically what we're doing is we are creating something that's not in the HD now and what we're going
to do is we're going to position an absolute and we'll use the fact that the container container has
the position relative here.
So we're going to go back on here and we're going to say that this is going to be a content or here
of content of nothing premature here.
So this is going to be the empty content then we're going to do a background for the background going
to do a VAR and we're going to do a dark one on this.
Then once we have the background now we would need to set the width and height the width and height
I'm going to say 100 percent here.
And also for the height I'm going to set a person on here like this.
Most likely this is going to be taking up the whole background of the container.
Now once we have the width and height now I would want is a position here and for the position what
I would want is actually absol.
Like I said because actually I would want to play play like this so you can see right now that basically
this before is covering the whole thing because now we have the position.
However we would want to do a few things already.
Well first of all we're going to say here is this is going to be transform and this is going to be scale.
So you can imagine this scale for the transform is actually going to be multiplying the actual height
and the width of an element.
So we're here we're going to have a scale of 1.2.
This is going to be actually multiplying and making a bigger.
How are we going to go with the scale of zero.
Here you can see that he basically disappears and the way we're going to get this effect is we're going
to change the scale as we're having.
So basically what we're saying is when we're not having scale back to zero and when we're hovering scale
whatever you're actually worth.
So here let's do a sort of transition because we would want this change happen over time not right away.
So I'm going to say all one second is more here.
So this is going to be my transition.
So once I have written these properties now I always do a hover for us and for the hover effect like
I said we're going to have a project single project before however or here I'm going to have a hover
and that I'm going to have before.
So this will be the syntax that we have project single project.
Then we're all hovering and then we'll have before and then what we would want to do.
Like I said now we would want a transform and I'll just say here scale and instead of scaling it bigger
we're just going to say scale back to one or here.
So as I'm hovering this is actually going to scale like this.
So this is how it's going to look like and also what we would want is actually would want to change
the opacity because you can see that it's totally dark and this is not something that we would want.
So we're going to go back over here and we're going to say that originally I'd say opacity is going
to be something like 0 0.
However as we are hovering over we're going to set an opacity to something I don't know.
Something like 0.5 here.
So we still can see the image and likeness.
So as you can see now as I'm hovering my overlay is showing and we're using the scale over here.
You can see that here we made the actual element smaller by actually scaling up to zero hour as we are
hovering.
We're scaling back to one more which would be hundred with 200 high.
And then over here this would be in the past.
Now the last thing that I would want to work with is actually going to be the idea.
So let me go down here and I'm going to say project where some of this is going to be in class going
on here and this is going to be I'm sorry but I'm just going to change from the line read to Mike on
this.
So what I would want with an icon and this is actually going to be very similar to what we were doing
before.
So first let's do a color here.
And what's the color var on here of light.
So first let's set a light color.
However we have a bug because you can see or hear that has I'm selecting the car.
Nothing is actually changing.
So I'm going to go back over here to the next page now and you can see that I have not a project but
I have all here next.
So what I'm going to do here I'm going to delete all the Easy's or here.
So let me go back over here and just select everywhere where you have the and just delete it and then
we're going to be working fine.
So here I'm going to go all the way down to the last one.
So this is going to be a project and this guy over here is also going to be a project.
So once I say it now I can see that I can see the icons because the actual color is white.
So now we know that everything is working.
And once we have set the color of white and also we would want to have a position animal first going
to say position absolute.
Now we're going to do basically the same thing since we know that the container is going to be relative.
So this is going to work as a holder for a position absolute.
Now we can basically place the icon anywhere we want.
So where we would want the icon.
Well we're going to say we're here and this is going to be top and this is going to be 50 percent then
we're going to have eight left or so 50 percent on this.
And once we say it you can see that this is going to be a little like on here.
And I also want to make a bigger size.
I'm going to say font size and the font size and say six RPMs like this.
So once we save it you can see that like on his own here.
However as you can see here once we actually increase the font size you can see that our icon has shifted
from the center all the way over here.
So what we would need to do is actually use the CCS transform and actually use the Translink or we actually
would use the actual height and the width of an actual icon and just get rid of it.
So we're going to say this is going to be 50 percent or translation to the X and 50 percent of the way.
So basically half of your height and width are really going to work right like this.
We're going to say transform how this is going to be trancelike negative 50 percent here and also negative
50 percent.
So the first one is going to be X action and the second one is going to be y direction.
So now the icon is actually exactly in the center.
So once we have done this now we would want to do two things.
First of all here let's make the opacity of this icon of zero.
So now I can see that it's actually going to disappear.
They're also going to do another transform.
So going right on here and this is going to be scale so see that we can just write the second one let's
say or here in front of it and we're going to do the same thing like we did before.
So this is going to be transform scale of zero.
So basically this is not going to be showing.
And also the size is going to be zero.
Once we have scaled it the last thing is going to be or year a transition and from tradition we're going
to say all.
And one point three seconds is this is going to be our transition.
Now what actually should happen as well.
Well first of all we're all going to say is as we're hovering over the high can we project I can as
we're hovering over the actual icon we would want to change the color.
So we're going to say color are really gray and gray.
So this is going to be our color we're all going to be able to see it once we actually do something
else.
So don't worry about it for now we'll just have our color fixed.
So once we have our color Great now we would want to have the actual icon appear as we were hovering
over this container.
So for this we're going to say a project or single project however so has we're hovering over the single
project not what we would want is a project and here icon.
So basically I'm saying as I'm hovering over the container I would want something done to this icon.
And what I would want for the item first I would want a city of one.
So this one was a positive zero.
So basically it was invisible.
Now it's 100 percent visible here let's change the transform so we're all going to say scale and we're
going to say scale of one to pretty much the same thing that we did over here before.
So as we're hovering over here you can see that now I have my eye on it.
Now I also need to do this trancelike because if we did translate originally you could see that as I'm
hovering.
This is actually going back down here.
So let's do the same thing with a translator.
And we're going to say again negative 50 percent down here negative 50 percent or so if I'm going to
go back on here now I can see that my actions is going up.
Now we also can save a little bit of code and we can just skip the original one because it's not like
we can see it anyway and not once we save it.
You can see that right now my eye kind is going to be exactly in the center.
So once we're actually done with working with an image now we would want to work with the flex marks
and fix or lay out because you can see or hear that we have a four column lay out over here and if we're
going to go to the small screen then we're going to have a two column way.
And by now we already should know how we would need to do this.
So we're all going to say media screen and I'm going to say and men and I were here and this is going
to be women where now for the men with.
I'm going to pick this time.
So hundred sixty eight pixels on here and I'm going to say.
Project Center because this is going to be the wrapper that actually is holding all of them.
So all going to go back to the next stage.
Now you can see that I'm making this guy or hear my flex box parent because this is holding all the
images or all the actual containers seriousness is going to be my project center.
So if I'm going to go back over here and I'm going to say project center now what I would want with
it a first would be display flex and likeness.
Then I would want a justify content on here.
And again I'm going to say space between here because we're going to be setting margin in between them.
You also would want a flex ramp.
We're going to just wrap it just so when we ever get to the smaller screen and actually wraps the next
line.
So this would be the parent content.
Now for the single project what you want is a project single project no here going to say like this
we're going to say what's 0 0 your coke.
So I'm going to be calculating again and again for the small screen we're going to have 50 percent because
we would want to divide the screen in half.
This is going to be our aims.
So we saved it and now we can check it out.
Well we have where we have a portfolio record a fresh air here and you can see that there has to be
some kind of bug because right now our layout is not working.
So I'm going to go back or hearing and see that I have a Coke is actually my spot.
So once I save it and I'm going to go back over here and afresh I can see that my images are worth now
once I have set up for 768.
Now want a four column out at a 9 9 2.
So in this case we can just grab this media on here so like the whole thing and just copy and paste
this let me go back over here and just select the whole thing.
So now once we actually copy and paste this now we're going to write it over here nine and two.
So this is going to be the pixels then we can just get rid of this whole thing because this is going
to stay exactly the same.
Now we're going to change it to twenty five percent or so once I save it.
And once they refresh it at eight nine nine till you can see them this is going to be my way.
So now I have four more here campaigners side by side.
However if I'm going to go to the smaller image or here you can see that.
Now there are going to be two of them like this.
And now we are ready to move on to our next section.